The bell rang at night, waking everyone at home, even the neighbors. Rob spends most of his time at his aunt's home, running errands and taking care of her. He sent his novel to the publisher, after spending two years in writing, and three months for editing. The teacher listened to the child's woes, feeling extremely sorry about him. She didn't attend the party, even though all her friends were going. She ignored him completely, when everyone else was completely mesmerized by his talent. She is having the time of her life, doing all that she has been wanting to do for years. He was unable to concentrate on his work, as he had a terrible headache. His popularity increased significantly, after he hired her. The dog barked loudly, as soon as the thief tried to enter the house. Sal Maglie ended the third for the Dodgers, walking out slowly carrying one bat, digging his spikes in as though anything is possible in this game, driving the first pitch straight to Mickey Mantle and walking over towards third base to change his cap and get his glove. A home run is the definitive kill, the overcoming of obstacle at one stroke, the gratification instantaneous in knowing one has earned a risk-free journey out, around, and back a journey to be taken at a leisurely pace but not too leisurely so as to savor the freedom, the magical invulnerability, from denial or delay. We observe today not a victory of party but a celebration of freedom, symbolizing an end as well as a beginning, signifying renewal as well as change. I went to the movies yesterday, bought candy, and shopped at the mall. He might consider paying the higher fees at a private university, if the teacher/student ratio is small, the teachers are highly qualified, and the job placement rate is high. Florida is a great vacation spot for families, with Disney World, Universal Studios, and Sea World. I could tell my mother was upset from her tapping foot and her stern expression. The fire alarm went off, making a loud clanging noise, startling everyone, and causing some people to knock over their chairs. The elephants proceeded on their walk, pounding the dry dirt, and swinging their trunks. You can pass all your classes with good study habits and good attendance. The Libertarian had a good showing at the polls, considering she joined the race after the others and had limited funds to spend. The renovated mall is finally opening today, with an ice skating rink and a multiplex theater. Having a clogged air filter on your HVAC system can cost you money in several ways, including repair bills, inefficiency, and dirty air. Wolves are important in a habitat because they control the numbers of elk, which in turn allows trees to mature so they can offer shelter to birds and insects. He decided to major in science, even though he really wanted to study art, philosophy, and religion. Lewis and Clark finally made it to the Pacific coast, after bitter winters and a close call with the Sioux Indians. She finally finished her project after many long nights and a lot of hard work. Bill took a day off from work without permission and without telling anyone. The couple soon became very fond of each other, due to his sense of humor and her fun-loving attitude. John made some great discoveries on his archaeological dig, including a piece of pottery and clay tablets. We had a wonderful vacation, seeing Fiji, snorkeling, and staying in a cute bungalow. I like all kinds of music, rhythm and blues, rock, and hip hop. He was offered a sponsorship after winning three gold medals at the Olympics and breaking the existing record for the backstroke. I would gladly give a good tip to a waiter considering he is friendly, the order is accurate, and he checks on me often. The spoiled cat started meowing when he didn't get his treat at the usual time. I spotted a flock of geese flying overhead, honking and making their way to the lake. My car just had a full tune-up with a new air filter, an oil change, and new spark plugs. Her team was victorious, in spite of the weather, and after several injuries. He finally landed his dream job, after hundreds of applications, dozens of interviews, and his willingness to start with a smaller salary and move up. I like everything about this painting, even though I usually don't like this particular artist. Autumn is my favorite time of year, the colors of the leaves, the crisp morning air, and the promise of winter snow.