Whether it was peer pressure or her own idea, Mary tried out for the glee club and made it. In spite of losing one ship and weathering a storm, Columbus made it back to Spain. By the smell of barbequing and the fireworks in the sky, I knew it was Independence Day. After combing through the ad for jobs and sending out hundreds of resumes, Steve finally got his dream job. Severe weather systems and the melting of the polar ice caps are both signs of climate change. Because they are independent, take care of themselves, and purr, I prefer cats over dogs. Despite the humidity and the sun’s scorching heat, the couple continued jogging until 12 noon. Encouraged by that sole person who spoke up against the issue, the rest of the people affected also began to speak up one by one. To believe your own thought, to believe that what is true for you in your private heart is true for all men, that is genius. Despite the blinding snow, the freezing temperatures, and the heightened threat of attack from polar bears, the team continued. The winner of best city, with a mile-long modern shopping mall, cycle paths hugging every road, and a network of canals, is Milton Keynes. When I was shopping in the town yesterday, I saw Mike. Because she knows the filing system, has more experience than the rest of the team, and can get into work at a moment's notice, Sarah will be charge next week. Jason, who always stood first in the class, failed the test. Unable to read due to myopia, the child was asked to wear glasses. Spending time on the pristine beach, listening to the waves, gazing at the clear sky, he surely was enjoying his vacation. Encouraged by the success of the female candidates, several women have decided to run for office. Rapt in his thoughts, thinking about the moments they spent together, she waited for him to come back to her. As long as he comes for work on time, finishes the tasks assigned to him, and treats everyone with respect, I don't have a problem with him. With no one to look after him, no one to listen to how he felt, he died a lonely man. If you are the kind of person who cares for others, puts the interests of others before your own, she will never refuse your proposal. Although he has lost all his money to gambling, he is still asking his friends to loan him money. In spite of the icy winds and the heavy rain, the players continued to play. After coming back from work, cooking dinner, and cleaning dishes, she still managed to find time to read. Whatever be the reason, whether it's her pride or shyness, she is not likely to come to the party. Never leaving her house, come what may, she's like a prisoner in her own house. Though she practices her singing lessons on a daily basis, religiously follows the instructions given by her teacher, she is not likely to be a successful singer. Considering the low crime rate, scenic beauty, simplicity of the people, and the good weather, I am more than willing to live here for the rest of my life. If you had been affront with him from the beginning, you wouldn't be facing this problem. The class, usually inattentive and bored, paid attention to what the professor was saying.